1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

This project is organized clearly. However, you need to write some bash commands in your makefile to make your scripts work on VCL.

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

The project use both pandas and tidyverse correctly. Here are some suggestions: 
(1) For python, you could add `%matplotlib inline` at the beginning of your notebook to make sure pandas can plot figures in the first run. 
(2) There is an error at the end of your notebook. Just remove that cell if it is not useful.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?

You haven't update a dockerfile on your github. Since docker is used to define environments on VCL, 'FROM' command maybe enough for this project. You can simply add anaconda on your VCL by Docker.

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?

Purpose of analysis is communicated well in readme and final html file. You could add some comments under your plots to help readers easily understand them.

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?

The project is well-organized. You could add a conclusion part at the end of your report.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

Yes. 

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client’s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?

Yes. Adding conclusions at the end of the report will help clients more.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).

Yes. You have a very detailed introduction to UMD and description of data.

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?

Actually, to complete your project, it's very necessary to add interpretation of your figures in your report.

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

Yes. 

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?

Yes.

Overall, great job!